Install: rename verb back to safedi-release-install (matches 1.x) (#278)
dfed/SafeDI: Documentation/Manual.md

### Plugin changes

> The `SafeDIPrebuiltGenerator` plugin has been removed in SafeDI 2.x. `SafeDIGenerator` is now the only build tool plugin and uses a prebuilt binary by default. If you were previously using `SafeDIPrebuiltGenerator`, switch to `SafeDIGenerator`. The `InstallSafeDITool` command plugin (verb `safedi-release-install`, matching 1.x) still exists as an Xcode-only helper for the prebuilt-tool install flow described under _Installing the prebuilt SafeDITool binary_ above.

Author: ```suggestion
The `SafeDIPrebuiltGenerator` plugin has been removed in SafeDI 2.x. `SafeDIGenerator` is now the only build tool plugin and uses a prebuilt binary by default. If you were previously using `SafeDIPrebuiltGenerator`, switch to `SafeDIGenerator`. For users of the Xcode build plugin: the `InstallSafeDITool` command plugin still exists as an Xcode-only helper for the prebuilt-tool install flow described under _Installing the prebuilt SafeDITool binary_ above.
```
